feat: support setting `is_secret` on environment variables (#5824)
netlify/cli: docs/commands/env.md

- `http-proxy` (*string*) - Proxy server address to route requests through.
- `http-proxy-certificate-filename` (*string*) - Certificate file to use when connecting using a proxy server
- `scope` (*builds | functions | post-processing | runtime*) - Specify a scope (default: all scopes)

> - `secret` (*boolean*) - Indicate whether the environment variable value can be read again.

Reviewer: Always worried to suggest you can't read the value because depending on if the dev is thinking about reading from a code standpoint vs a UI/API standpoint can cause confusion.

```suggestion
- `secret` (*boolean*) - Indicate whether this value should be treated as write-only when outside of code running on Netlify.
```
